# PixelSnake

Delving into ChatGPT coding capabilities by writing a simple game

Links: [ChatGPT conversation](https://chat.openai.com/share/17eeae92-1674-4fcb-ab76-1b8c5f86df51), [Codepen](https://codepen.io/tommyenglish/pen/rNqYYrg) (to play it right now)

Initially I wanted to have every line of code generated by ChatGPT, but that proved inefficient and troublesome. GPT-4 has some throttling, so it didn't make sense to ask it for simple additions and refactorings. It also got variable/method names mixed up at times and introduced differing concepts that I didn't want to spend effort on straightening out.   

Going forward, it would be nice to apply SOLID principles and organize the code better as it grows. I'm pretty sure the code can be cleaned up a bit as well as I don't dabble in the front end too often. 

Some additional features I considered adding are obstacles like rocks in the arena, golden fruit that's worth more when in difficult areas (sides and corners), all-time high scores, using images instead of coloring blocks, and a rating system for how well your game session was (based on things like food eaten per minute, difficulty analysis based on where the food was eaten, key press analysis to determine how smooth you are). And of course making a better skeleton face. 

From there different game modes would be interesting like speed mode where the snake gradually gets faster or a mode where you try to eat the most fruit that appears before bugs do. I may add some of these things if they serve a useful learning experience (like applying some pattern/principle, etc.).

Personal best: Snake - 58, Concurrent bugs - 6
